Choosing and ordering your invitations can be a daunting process...

There's the wording, the cost, the guest list, and there are a lot of things that can go wrong. When the final package arrives, most people have a sense of trepidation as well as excitement as they open it: it all boils down to this: will they be what I expected? 

That's why ordering samples first is so important: things can look very different in a photograph--you can't feel the quality of the card, colours look different, the printing isn't obvious, and even worse, a lot of companies use computer-rendered images rather than real photographs of their stationery these days which means the images you see are just a superimposed representation rather than a real photograph. 

You've already made the right first step: whether you choose us to create your invitations or not, you'll be able to see exactly what you're going to get. 

And one of the things I always strongly recommend, to all my clients, is that they when I've finished creating their invitation suite and it's time to print, is that they I send them a single printed "proof" before they sign off the entire order. And "proof" is the wrong word really: often a printed proof is still not the same as the real thing: companies will use a different printer or different card, but when I send out a proof it's the REAL thing: the ribbon, the card, the tissue paper... what you see is what you'll get in the final order. So if something isn't how you like it, you can get it changed before any damage is done, and you'll be confident that when that package arrives, it's going to contain exactly what you expected: no unpleasant surprises. 

As Alexander Graham Bell said, "Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." 

There's only one chance to get it right. You won't be ordering wedding invitations again. And you probably don't know all the things to think about. So in a few days I'll email you with some really helpful advice that will save you time, money and stress. 

in the meantime if you have any questions, don't think twice about contacting me.

I hope you enjoy receiving the sample box, and the little surprise inside. 

My kindest regards, 

David