
This year, I have been witness to a lot of trauma: I have seen other people's anger, grief, loneliness and loss and I too have unwittingly opened my own Pandora's box and stared down the kaleidoscope at the ever-moving shapes of thoughts and emotions that have invited themselves like unwanted guests into my consciousness. At Christmas, the images spinning in the darkness of that kaleidoscope can be the photographs of lost loved ones frozen in a time and place you can no longer reach, the cutting edges of broken dreams--dreams you believed so deeply in--that never came true and the blank, white, empty spaces of loss left behind by the people and things--and dreams--forsaken. But I also know and remember sitting beside my grandmother as she took her last breaths. I wondered in those few moments, where was she going? 89 years of memories: of dreams, of worries, of mistakes and fears... as each of her neurons dimmed and extinguished, like a power cut sweeping through a city of lights, with them went a face of a friend, a moment of pain, a memory of laughter only she knew. How could all those moments just disappear? How could life end so simply, without fanfare or parade, but quietly: a series of moments packing their bags and walking softly out of the universe. As that, ultimately, is all life is: a billion moments strung together. And it can be so easy to keep staring into that kaleidoscope, at the misery whirling and reeling sucking you into its vortex: but as long as you do you will fail to see the beauty of the world surrounding you. In focusing your attention on what you do not have, you can destroy the things that you do have: it is the plant that is still alive that must be watered, not the grass that is dead. Because this moment now, this Christmas, will one day also be a moment packing its back and leaving the room. So for a few days, decide to put down the kaleidoscope and choose to look outside. If you keep your eyes to the ground, you will never see that shooting star.
