They were perfect – until the Sunday before I mailed them, when I realized that the embossing on the back of each envelope was causing the ink used for the addresses to rub off.

Our wedding invitations just arrived...the box is completely wet and soggy.  Thank you UPS for not being more careful and thank you terrible upstate NY for making it next to impossible for them to keep any boxes dry with your icky snow!

 I'm upset that the company didn't package them better too--you'd think they would put thick cardboard or something on the top and bottom of each pack (to keep everything completely flattened and no sides turning up) and then shrinkwrap around that.  Also, we created a custom CMYK color and it looked perfect on the online proofs and we also had it printed on the same paper to see the appearance... but it looks like a much lighter, different shade on what we just received!  I can't believe this.
 
 http://www.thinkingcloset.com/2013/08/29/the-great-wedding-invitation-disaster-of-2009/
 
 Below is an itemized list of the supplies I purchased for my invitations, as well as the cost of printing.  The prices reflect what I paid in spring of 2009, not their current price.  Amazon links are affiliate links, which means if you click through and make a purchase, you’ll be supporting The Thinking Closet for which I will be very grateful.

Bazzill Bling Cardstock 12″ x 12″ in Crystal Blue (4 packs of 25, plus 12 sheets): $65
250 Solid White Linen Envelopes: $65
200 Solid White Linen Sheets of Linen Paper: $50
Bronte’s Corner rubber stamp: $12
Compass stamp: $10
2 Adirondack Earthtones Ink Pads – Stream: $13
3 rolls of white raffia: $32
Calligraphy markers: $20 (thanks Mama for addressing all those envelopes!)
Double-sided tape: $12
Printing and cutting at Kinkos: $32
200 stamps at 44 cents each: $88 (fun fact: some POs will hand-stamp wedding invites by request)
Total: $400, which breaks down to $2/invitation (including postage)

What I did not know (until it was too late) was that the white linen cardstock I purchased did not fancy the ink from the printers at Kinkos; in fact, they got along about as well as oil and water.  So, you can imagine my horror when I gently brushed my finger across the freshly printed text of our invitations and watched my first, middle, and last names smear into one gibberish mouthful!  A few more strokes of the finger and the words were indiscernible.

Even on cards I barely touched, I could zero in on smudged text.  This was officially a DIY disaster.

In retrospect, here were two important things that I should have done differently:

I should have done a test-run at Kinkos before having them print the entire job.
Even after they printed the entire job, when the smudge-fest happened, I should have brought the invitations back to Kinkos and asked for a re-print on different paper.  They might have said no, but I have a hunch they would have said yes and saved us all the headache of having to spray every.  single.  invitation.  reply card.  and direction card.  Sheesh!
So, to all the brides-to-be in the house and event planners, be sure to leave room in your timeline for a test-run or reprints.  If only I had started our wedding invitation process a few weeks earlier, then I wouldn’t have felt so down to the wire and stressed out about our time frame.  While it has taken me 30 years to learn this lesson, I’m finally starting to understand that margin is your friend.

http://blog.myexpression.com/2011/12/18/common-mistakes-in-wedding-invitations